怪塔儿哥


从我出道到现在每天出个mc
好像谁都能freestyle 谁都能吹牛逼
带上几句鸟语 放上几句狠话

还是那些俗逼的押韵不停的来回来去
我知道他们现在想要更多的
因为他们想要从这拿走更多的
但是这一次我们要在另一个熟悉的地方
把新的武器发给新的兄弟
我的敌人的敌人也是我的兄弟
也有人叫我我兄弟可没拿我当我兄弟
他们想切我的货 还想操我的果
如果他们得不到就在背地里骂我
可是 我还是我 货只不过是货
果儿多了去了我过我的生活
屌逼屌style hustler在中国
在这混你得小心这儿的小弟砍大哥
我在街上撞 too simple too young
还是没钱就没朋友和以前一样
我还是在外面浪 too simple too young
换个不一样的国家换个混的地方
跟着我一块儿晃 too simple too young
你是你自己的跟谁都不一样
跟着我一起唱 too simple too young
我不在乎你是谁你混的怎么样
电线杆子倒了砸死九个dj
剩下一个跟那 配着fake mc
买个电脑下个软件在被窝里充大个儿的
做那几个破逼歌 留给你妈听吧
面儿上这堆烂货 尽情往家带吧
反正爷我玩儿够了 tm全都不是我的
学我的style 哼 算什么能耐
那是我的想法 我自然能tm全给毁了
管不住你的嘴 就赶紧闭上嘴喘气
给你丫挺的塑料摔了全都泼上油漆
我是 real hiphop 此时此刻代表你爸
你们丫劲儿都使歪了全jb得抓瞎
再怎么努力你们也都是山寨的范儿
用的他妈再多你们丫也出不了画儿
乐器不是摆设不能像你们那么玩儿
小心我当着你们面儿tm揉你们丫媳妇儿咂儿
我他妈就这么狂too simple too young
夜都是黑的 每天都一样
钞票就那几张 too simple too young
换到换的地方换到不一样的方向
给你自己照个相 too simple too young
我有我的范儿 跟你们丫都不一样
中指举高高的 too simple too young
就指着你丫眼睛的时候你丫别想撒谎
每天什么事都不干也得花钱
就想买份清净 你说吧多少钱
在北京我活了29年 在北京我还得忍受多长时间
说实话我也知道在那是不好混
所以来这混的请尊重生在这的人
人走得再远心也离不开家
所以从哪来的您就回到哪去吧
我在街上撞 too simple too young
还是没钱就没朋友和以前一样
我还是在外面浪 too simple too young
换个不一样的国家换个混的地方
跟着我一起晃 too simple too young
你是你自己的跟谁都不一样
跟着我一起唱 too simple too young
我不在乎你是谁你混的怎么样 哥们儿



== Overall Meaning ==

The song 怪塔儿哥 by artist 龍胆紫 is an introspective reflection on the artist’s journey in the music industry. The lyrics speak to the idea that while many people claim to be able to freestyle and have an impressive rap persona, the artist sees the repetition of the same rhymes as tiresome and unoriginal. He addresses the struggle of navigating through the industry, with people who he thought were his friends trying to take advantage of him and tarnish his reputation behind his back.

Despite the challenges, the artist remains true to himself and his style, emphasizing that he is not concerned with fame or money but rather living his life the way he wants. He warns others to be careful when navigating the music scene in China, as it can be dangerous for those who are not aware of the hierarchies and dynamics at play. The song expresses the idea that being true to oneself, even when faced with adversity, is the key to success.

Some interesting facts about the song include:

- The song was released in 2009 and is considered a classic in the Chinese hip-hop community.
- The artist 龍胆紫 is known for his rebellious spirit and unique style, which has helped him to stand out in the Chinese music industry.
- The lyrics of the song were inspired by the artist’s personal experiences and struggles within the music industry.
- The song features a mix of Mandarin Chinese and English lyrics, which is common in Chinese hip-hop.
- The instrument used in the song is a traditional Chinese instrument called a guzheng, which gives the song a unique sound.
- The song is often cited as an example of the emergence of hip-hop in China, which has been steadily growing over the past few decades.
- The lyrics of the song were written by 龍胆紫 himself, which is notable as many Chinese artists often rely on a team of writers to create their songs.
- The song was featured in the 2013 documentary film "Hip-Hop Dreamers," which explores the history and current state of hip-hop in China.
- The song's title, 怪塔儿哥, roughly translates to "weird tower brother," which is a reference to the artist's unique style and rebellious nature.
- The song has been covered and remixed by numerous other Chinese artists, highlighting its influence on the Chinese hip-hop scene.
